when I was going out we pretty much
lived on shepherd's pie and cottage pie
you know his lovely meaty stews with a
fantastic potato he crust I still reckon
a good beef cottage pie is just the
ticket to warm things up for your family
we actually start off with the veggies
first of all you'll need a couple of
browned onions finely sliced and a
finely diced stick of celery sort a doze
off with a little bit of garlic and some
time in just a smattering of olive oil
now once your onions are beautifully
soften you want to set them aside for
just a minute and grab yourself a kilo
of stewing beef Oregon brisket and Chuck
work really we'll throw in a bit of
extra olive oil and fry the beef until
it's really well Brown
at this stage it's already smelling
amazing i love a good college pie now
put your onion mixture back in there and
add a couple of tablespoons of tomato
paste that'll start to stick with one on
the pot so keep trying a couple red wine
a liter of beef stock and let it simmer
for about two hours until the meats
tender but there is something just so
satisfying about a beautiful stew now to
turn this sauce into a gravy though
we're gonna use a little trick the
French call burn money a that's where
you get equal parts of butter and flour
about 75 grams of each you mix it
together to form a paste then you add
that about a teaspoon at a time whiskey
as you go and it thickens up superbly it
will need to simmer for just a couple of
minutes to get perfectly thick but when
it's done set it aside we get on to our
potato crust grab yourself full medium
to large-sized potatoes peel them chop
them Stern it until it tender and then
just mash them with 125 miles of cream
same amount of cheese salt pepper and
nutmeg the flavor
throw a little bit of parsley in your
beef mixture and transfer it to a
casserole dish then top with the
potatoes and a little extra cheese then
you're gonna bake at 180 degrees for
about 25 minutes until golden and crisp
and the result is absolutely fantastic
as always I'm rustic kind of beauty that
makes it absolutely irresistible this is
just the kind of recipe to start your
own family dinner tradition